###An Earth-shattering Work Experience

When I first heard that we will have a work immersion, I would picture myself learning more about a programming language I already learned. Little did I know that I would learn a new programming language. In my two weeks here at Innovuze, I have grasped on what happens in a work environment and on how I could hone my various skills, especially the ones I have acquired, to help me in future situations.

During my work here at Innovuze, I have learned that there are many facets of programming and because of that, I have realized that I have only been to the tip of the iceberg. The work of a frontend, backend, and full stack developer is significantly more than what my school handouts are implying. Moreover, I have learned the basics of Python, GitHub, and MongoDB. In Python, I have learned how to make a script that can convert a CSV file into a JSON file. I can also connect a python script to MongoDB. While in GitHub, I have learned how to execute basic git commands using Git Bash, manage repositories, fix issues, and do proper pull requests. Whereas in MongDB, I have learned that I should not hardcode URI into a python script and instead inject them using environment variables. Most importantly, I have learned to respect the tedious work that my mentors and other programmers do because it is no easy task to make a program or a website from scratch.

My experience here at Innovuze has not only improved my skills but also taught me a few more. My self learning skills have developed because of how I am required to read and understand the materials given to me. Now, I am more confident in finding answers to my own questions. My problem solving skills have also improved because of how Python requires me to think critically. Lastly, I believe that I have learned a few time management skills because of the instructions and objectives that were set everyday to guide me with my tasks.

Despite the few hiccups we have experienced during the work immersion, it did not affect my aspiration to become a programmer. Even if a few of my peers felt intimidated or demotivated during the immersion, my passion for technology did not wane and I could still see myself coding programs. The earthquakes we felt during the immersion might have shook me but my fondness for learning how to program has never shook.

The work immersion I have gone through for two weeks have expanded my knowledge and skills about programming. I have learned to respect the work that programmers do and be grateful for the skills and lessons that my mentors taught me. My will to become a great programmer never decreased and I will use everything I have learned in this work immersion to help me succeed in my goal.
